Add How-to articles and organize domains category (#1759)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/linking-unlinking-integrated-domain-providers.md

excerpt: Step-by-step guide to link or unlink integrated domain providers to your DNSimple account.
meta: Learn how to connect or disconnect integrated domain providers from your DNSimple account to manage domains from other registrars seamlessly.
categories:
- Domains and Transfers
- Integrations
---

# Linking and Unlinking Integrated Domain Providers

DNSimple supports the ability to manage domains that are registered with other domain providers external to DNSimple. DNSimple calls such providers "Integrated Domain Providers".

When you link an Integrated Domain Provider to your DNSimple account, domains registered via that Integrated Domain Provider will be imported into DNSimple and listed on the Domain Names page. You can view the expiry date, delegation name servers, domain registration contact, and DNSSEC information of your integrated domains from DNSimple.

## Supported Integrated Domain Providers

DNSimple supports domain integration with the providers listed below.

- [GoDaddy](/articles/integrated-domain-provider-godaddy/)

## Linking an Integrated Domain Provider to your account

<div class="section-steps" markdown="1">
##### To link an Integrated Domain Provider

> Click the account menu in the top-right corner and select <label>Account Settings</label>.

Author: ```suggestion
1. If you have more than one account, select the correct one from the account switcher in the top-right corner of the screen.
```
